feat: add C implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf` (#4936)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( x, lambda )

> Evaluates the logarithm of cumulative distribution function (logcdf) for an planck distribution with shape parameter `lambda`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the logarithm of the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] for a Planck (discrete exponential) distribution with shape parameter `lambda`.
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( 2, 0.5,);
// returns ~-0.2525
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: `[in] double` input value.
-   **lambda**: `[in] double` shape parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf
( const double x, const double lambda );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c

> #include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf.h"
> #include <stdlib.h>
> #include <stdio.h>
> static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
>     double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
>     return min + ( v*(max-min) );
> }
> static int discrete_uniform( const int min, const int max ) {
>     return min + (rand() % (max - min + 1));
> }
> 
> int main( void ) {
>     double x;
>     double lambda;
>     double y;
>     int i;
> 
>     for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
>         x = discrete_uniform( 0, 40.0 );
>         lambda = random_uniform( 0.1, 5.0 );
>         y = stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( x, lambda );
>         printf( "x: %lf, λ: %lf, ln(F(x;λ)): %lf\n", x, lambda, y );
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

static int discrete_uniform( const int min, const int max ) {
    return min + (rand() % (max - min + 1));
}

int main( void ) {
    double lambda;
    double x;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
        x = discrete_uniform( 0, 40.0 );
        lambda = random_uniform( 0.1, 5.0 );
        y = stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( x, lambda );
        printf( "x: %lf, λ: %lf, ln(F(x;λ)): %lf\n", x, lambda, y );
    }
}
```

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/logcdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( x, lambda )

Evaluates the logarithm of the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] for a Planck (discrete exponential) distribution with shape parameter `lambda`.

```c

> double out = stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( 2, 0.5,);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
double out = stdlib_base_dists_planck_logcdf( 2, 0.5 );
```
